Added a small section to verify token signature algorithm to SPA quickstarts (#8593)
auth0/docs: articles/_includes/_token_signature.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->

### Verify JWT Token Signature setting

> Json Web Tokens should be signed using the RS256 signing algorithm where possible, as [it provides enchanced security over HS256](https://auth0.com/docs/tokens/concepts/signing-algorithms#our-recommendation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) should be signed using the RS256 signing algorithm where possible, as it provides [enhanced security over HS256](https://auth0.com/docs/tokens/concepts/signing-algorithms#our-recommendation).
```

> This setting is the default, but if you are [running into errors](https://auth0.com/docs/errors/libraries/auth0-js/invalid-token#parsing-an-hs256-signed-id-token-without-an-access-token) you can verify your settings by clicking on **Show Advanced Settings** at the bottom of your Auth0 client configuration. Then, click the **OAuth** link to show the signature algorithm configuration. **JsonWebToken Signature Algorithm** should be set to **RS256**, and the **OIDC Conformant** setting should be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RS256 is the default, but if you are [running into errors](https://auth0.com/docs/errors/libraries/auth0-js/invalid-token#parsing-an-hs256-signed-id-token-without-an-access-token) you can verify your settings by clicking on **Show Advanced Settings** at the bottom of your Auth0 Application settings screen in the dashboard. Click the **OAuth** tab to show the signature algorithm configuration. **JsonWebToken Signature Algorithm** should be set to **RS256**, and the **OIDC Conformant** setting should be enabled.
```
